c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.Debug.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.Release.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\config\Logging.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\config\log4net.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.ApiServices.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Common.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Server.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Logging.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.DI.AspNet.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HttpCache.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Log4Mongo.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Log4Netly.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\NetMQ.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Documentation.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HelpGen.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.ApiServices.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Common.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Server.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Documentation.pdb
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.csproj.App.config
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll
c:\users\jayson.cuadro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.csproj.App.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.Debug.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Web.Release.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\config\Logging.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\config\log4net.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll.config
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.ApiServices.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.WebApi.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Common.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Server.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.Logging.Log4Net.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Logging.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.DI.AspNet.Windsor.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HttpCache.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Log4Mongo.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Log4Netly.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\NetMQ.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Documentation.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HelpGen.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.ApiServices.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Model.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.WebApi.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Common.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\CacheCow.Server.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\xunit.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Documentation.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Data.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\BeerTapsAPI.Data.pdb
C:\dev\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI\BeerTapsAPI.IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
